Feature/dx 490 review and fix redirect in vipps (#102)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/vipps/redirect.md

Reviewer: Why is the menu removed?

{% include alert-development-section.md %}

{% include jumbotron.html body="**Vipps Payments** is a two-phase

> payment instrument supported by the major norwegian banks. In the redirect to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
payment instrument supported by the major Norwegian banks. In the redirect
```

[Vipps-screenshot-1]{:width="426px" :height="632px"}
![Vipps Payments][Vipps-screenshot-2]{:width="427px" :height="694px"}

## Operations

The API requests are displayed in the [purchase flow](#purchase-flow).
You can create a Vipps payment with the `operation` value set to `purchase`. See
the `purchase` example below.

### Intent

**`Authorization` (two-phase)**: The intent of the payment identifies how and
when the charge will be effectuated. This determines the type of transaction
used during the payment process. The intent of a Vipps purchase is always
`Authorization`. The amount will be reserved but not charged.
You will later (i.e. if a physical product, when you are ready to ship the
purchased products) have to make a [Capture][capture] or
[Cancel][cancel] request.

{% include alert.html type="success" icon="link" body="**Defining
`callbackUrl`**: When implementing a scenario, it is optional to set a
`callbackUrl` in the `POST` request. If `callbackUrl` is set, Swedbank Pay will
send a `POST` request to this URL when the consumer has fulfilled the payment.
[See the Callback API description for more
information](/payments/vipps/other-features#callback)." %}

> ## Purchase flow

Reviewer 2: When you change both PayEx_FrontEnd and PayEx_BackEnd to SwedbankPay, you are technically going from two participants to one participant. I suggest to change them to SwedbankPay_FrontEnd and SwedbankPay_BackEnd

## Authorizations

The `authorizations` resource contains information about the authorization
transactions made on a specific payment.

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
GET /psp/vipps/payments/84b9e6aa-b8f5-4e7f-fa2f-08d612f7dd5d/authorizations/<transactionId> HTTP/1.1
Host: api.payex.com
Authorization: Bearer <MerchantToken>

```

{:.code-header}
**Response**

```http

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "payment": "/psp/vipps/payments/84b9e6aa-b8f5-4e7f-fa2f-08d612f7dd5d",
    "authorization": {
        "vippsTransactionId": "5619328800",

>         "msisdn": "+47xxxxxxxx",

Reviewer: Use real test data, please.

|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └➔&nbsp;`authorizations.id`                           | `string`      | The relative URI of the current authorization transactions resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └➔&nbsp;`authorizations.authorizationList`                              | `array`      |  The array of authorization transaction objects.                                                                                                                                                          |
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | └➔&nbsp;`authorizations.authorizationList[]`                            | `object`      | The `authorization` transaction object described in the authorization resource below.
  |

### Options before posting a payment

All valid options when posting a payment with operation equal to Purchase,

> are described in [the technical reference][vipps-payments].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are described in our [Other Features Section][vipps-payments].
```

  Browser->>Merchant: start purchase (pay with VIPPS)
  activate Merchant

>   Merchant->>Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd: POST <Create  Vipps payment>

Reviewer: 1. Instead of underscores, just use `PascalCase` in the diagrams.
2. Also use an alias to get a more human readable name in the presentation.
3. I think we can merge `SwedbankPayFrontEnd` and `SwedbankPayBackEnd` into one actor to simplify the diagram.

```suggestion
  Merchant->>SwedbankPayFrontEnd: POST <Create  Vipps payment>
```

  deactivate Vipps_API
  Swedbank_Pay_BackEnd-->>Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd: authorize result
  Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd-->>Browser: authorize result
  Browser-->>Merchant: Redirect to merchant
  note left of Browser: Redirect to merchant
  activate Merchant
  Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd-->>Merchant: Payment Callback
  Merchant-->>Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd: GET <Vipps payments>
  note left of Merchant: Second API request
  Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd-->>Merchant: Payment resource
  deactivate Swedbank_Pay_FrontEnd
  Merchant-->>Browser: Display authorize result
  deactivate Merchant
```

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http
POST /psp/vipps/payments HTTP/1.1
Authorization: Bearer <AccessToken>
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "payment": {
        "operation": "Purchase",
        "intent": "Authorization",
        "currency": "NOK",
        "prices": [
            {
                "type": "Vipps",
                "amount": 1500,
                "vatAmount": 0
            }
        ],
        "description": "Test Purchase",
        "payerReference": "AB1234",
        "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0...",
        "pageStripdown": true,
        "language": "nb-NO",
        "urls": {

>             "hostUrls": "http://test-dummy.net",

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure `hostUrls` is an array. We should use `example.com` and `example.net` in our examples, not `test-dummy.net`.

```suggestion
            "hostUrls": ["https://example.com"],
```

[Vipps-screenshot-1]: /assets/img/checkout/vipps-hosted-payment.png
[Vipps-screenshot-2]: /assets/img/checkout/vipps-hosted-payment-no-paymenturl.png
[callbackurl]: /payments/vipps/other-features#callback

> [cancel]: /payments/vipps/other-features#cancel-sequence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[cancel]: /payments/vipps/after-payment#cancellations
```

> [capture]: /payments/vipps/other-features#capture-sequence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[capture]: /payments/vipps/after-payment#captures
```
